Alright, now that you guys have a good understanding of some of the examples of
organic content,
let's dive into the types.
The first thing that all of you guys should fucking write down is that all
content, especially
organic content, need to invoke an emotion.
What's going to make them stop scrolling and watch your video?
Is it as the dopamine hit?
Is it because it pisses them off?
Rage bait?
Does it draw FOMO?
Do they want to be a part of this movement?
What is it?
So that's first things first.
Next, we'll dive into Faceless specifically.
So Faceless, as I mentioned before, doesn't really feature a human behind the
camera,
like actually filming the video, but it does feature edits, trending audios,
trending styles,
maybe viral hooks, viral formats.
And so if you think about this in the lens of how do I grab attention, we can
go through
and go back, go back through the content we went through before.
For example, this video for Riz, right?
This video goes through a text.
So you're watching this--
[INAUDIBLE]
No, I'm so fucking annoying.
But it has so many clips in the background of cutting food, like that fucking
satisfying
videos.
And then it has-- like, who the fuck is a love maker, right?
You already think to yourself, who's a love maker?
Then you're like, where is this going?
Because a lot of people don't even go to the comments and be like, oh, they're
plugging
Riz app, right?
But then it keeps going.
They keep watching.
Like, oh my god, where's it going to go?
I can't see the next text.
Next thing you know, they get fucking plugged by Riz, right?
Fucking here.
Oh, I might have missed it.
But we went through it earlier.
I think it's right here.
Oh, it's over here.
I got you.
Got you guys right there.
All right, Riz gets plugged because they were engaged like, what's going to
happen next?
Next one would be Goon Police, right?
We took clips of these fucking only gang girls, post themselves online, and
rage-bated guys,
right?
We have so many comments of guys being pissed off at us and mad at us.
We have DMs from some of these girls being like, you can't use this, but we
have free
rights because we edited it.
We're not just ripping our content.
And then they understand what Twitter is.
They're like, what the fuck is Twitter?
What is Goon Police?
They click on the link.
And next thing you know, they are landing page to quit Gooning.
And so now they're aware of it.
They might not have converted, right?
But they'll be aware of us when they see an influencer post or organic content
or ads.
They're more likely to convert down the line.
Now what else is faceless?
You've got hooks.
This is organic, actually.
This is faceless.
We'll get back to organic.
So another one, Minecraft Park Core.
All these videos plug Riz and show text every single day in DMs.
Are you all right?
It's been something.
And so that's literally what it's doing, then plug is Riz.
And it makes it like, honestly, like this feeds into what people want because
people
want drama and controversy and be like, what's happening?
What's happening?
And then it shows that Riz is the reason that saving the day.
Riz app is the hero of that story.
And I think faceless, like, does some faceless rip?
And do I have some buddies and friends and people in the industry that we know
that like
make hundreds of thousands of dollars off faceless?
Yes.
Right?
It may work for your app.
It may not.
We highly recommend literally trying every single distribution strategy here.
Test them thoroughly and find the one that works for you.
We didn't do faceless at Twitter until probably like month four to month five
influencers
of what started.
Riz started with faceless.
They ripped this format and ripped views and went super viral and they just
kept doing
it and changing and iterating.
So I recommend looking up trending formats and styles.
Look up the Riz app.
There's a tool that gave you guys the end of this called the social growth
engineers.
But they do case studies on these apps, right?
Get into the Twitter bubble.
See what people are doing and talking about.
You can really become privy to what's happening, what's going viral on the
internet and then
apply it for your app.
But yeah, faceless, recommend you can use cap cut, you can edit, you can hire
editors.
But generally speaking, it's carousels.
There are people who can hire for this, which we'll go over later on.
But generally speaking, it's a rip and run strategy.
Okay, UGC.
Now, UGC is content made by creators.
Just for your guys to say, if you're going to go out and find creators, right,
and if
you want to go to like freelancing sites or you want to go to Twitter, some of
these
creators in the e-commerce space, think of UGC as like, I'm going to make a
video for
you, get paid like 500 bucks for you to run it as an ad.
That's not the UGC we're doing.
We're doing UGC where these creators post two to three times a day on a
separate tick
dot account that they warm up and we'll show you how to create accounts, warm
them up
properly.
And then you can eventually train someone to do that.
But we want people to post at least two to three times a day with visual hooks,
text on
screen hooks, skits, et cetera.
So when it comes to UGC, you have skits, relatable stories.
This kind of goes that turbo learn approach where it was like, oh my God, my
teachers
know about this.
That demos is usually like a text on screen or visual hook, which I'll walk you
guys through,
one for Twitter, one for raise, then goes in the demo.
And then another one is like the hook where it's like a huge claim.
And this is best for, honestly, I think UGC can rip for conversions if you find
a style
that works or you're in an industry that already has ripping styles and can
iterate on it.
I never suggest fully copying anyone.
I think that's retarded.
However, like you can don't have to reinvent the wheel and you can iterate on
it.
You can iterate on it for your app.
How can you make it better?
Transparently, which a lot of you guys probably know this, but I study Blake
and Zack's influencer
marketing strategy and put her own spin to it.
We started paying people 20% upfront instead of the full contract size.
We had to make custom tailored video ideas for the influencers because we didn
't have
one feature that would basically stop people from scrolling in to download the
app.
So going into organic content, right?
So we went through faceless right here.
Here's one.
There's an app called conch AI.
They are a basically Chrome plugin for chat GBT, but this is my buddy Jude.
So he said this sub-serve.
Someone please help me.
Do you think I said 40, 30, 100 points?
What will I do?
That's exactly what I made this website called.
I really don't want to write this paper.com.
Give it a prompt, add some reference sources and add your old essay.
So keep in mind this.
I don't really want it to be paper.com was a viral format at the time.
So a lot of people in the space are ripping this format and getting a ton of
views.
It's like iterated on it.
But as you can see, guys, they're posting two or three times a day on their
main account,
which you can do as well, or you can create separate TikToks and Instagrams.
But they test everything.
Look at all the fucking hooks they're texting.
Look at all the fucking styles they're testing, people, right?
And now not everything goes viral, but then next thing you know, they have up
here, if
I show you, they have 15 million views.
I could have probably made them hundreds of thousands of dollars just because
they were
consistent and disciplined with posting.
Another one, I would say, so that's faceless, don't you?
Okay, the Ray's app, right, that we talked about.
So this is a visual and text on the screen hook, right?
It's visual because she just got out of the shower.
You can see she has tan lines.
And then she's saying how to get tan and then in parentheses, if you never get
tan.
And then she shows the app.
It's a direct plug of the app and shows how it works.
And then all these girls downloaded this because they're like, I want to use
this.
And then if you look at her account, she only has 1500 followers, but there's
so many of
these posts of girls.
My hunch is they probably hide a bunch of girls with film videos and they did
the posting
to make it easier.
But here we go, UV9, no problem.
But also if you guys see here, look, it kind of looks like she's fucking naked,
right?
That's a visual hook.
People stop and like, what the fuck?
But it shows the app.
So they keep posting two to three times a day consistently to get to work.
The Turbo Learn, right?
This was a viral strategy.
You know this because when she goes through this whole thing, you don't even
listen to
it yet.
She shows Turbo Learn, right?
And this is like one of those fucking like crystal girls, like bullshit,
whatever.
But this girl is 15,000 followers now and she's a Turbo AI diva.
That's like her brand because she's been posting so much.
But she tried all of these styles, 14K, 13K, 121K.
And the one we watch I think got 10 million.
Yeah, right here.
So she iterated on that style and actually iterated on a more.
But she's an rip of 10 millions of views of every single video.
She has to test and study.
So another one is for Twitter, right?
So we realized that if you have a visual hook of lotion or tissues, et cetera,
it'll
go viral.
So this was one.
He was caught gooning, right?
Stage that.
This was morning routine addicted to corn, like show the thing, show all the
visual hooks
and then what happens?
Most guys have fucking post-not clarity, clarity.
I hate lust, right?
POV, this is you have to work.
But we test so many fucking styles.
Like we have to test everything to see if it'll work.
Perfect.
All right.
That is UGC, right?
I would make sure you guys understand you want to post two to three times a day
on your account
after you warm it up.
You usually warm up your account for four days roughly by acting like a real
user and
we'll have a very extensive walkthrough and how you can do that.
But generally speaking, like look at what other apps are doing in space, see
what's
working and how can you iterate it for your own app.
That is probably the best advice I can give anyone if they're looking to go
viral and
organic, right?
Because everyone, people will tell you, oh, I can do it for you, you can hire
an agency,
but none of that stuff generally works.
I would just say final works for you.
You guys try it yourself, rip it and eventually you can start hiring people to
do it.
Now if you have the cash to hire someone, there are a bunch of resources we'll
be giving
at the end of distribution.
You can hire, we recommend, and I guess best thoughts to go about doing it.
I lost the word of my head.
I apologize.
Okay, Reddit.
So I'm going to go over Reddit case studies because I think Reddit is very
niche, but it
can work well.
When we started Quitter, the first thing we're doing was Reddit.
So just realize that the Reddit guys is a lot of your accounts will get banned.
A lot of the times you get kicked out of these subreddits because they're going
to realize
that you're pushing these apps and they don't want shit pushed.
It's very strong Reddit communities.
But the purpose of Reddit is to do storytelling posts where you build this
hitting rock bottom.
The app is the hero and you found it and you make it very organic so it seems
like someone
should randomly post it about it and you're not hard pushing and hard selling
your app.
I would say for a week or two just talking communities as a normal person, you
can push
the app.
You can also go on some sites and buy Reddit accounts with existing karma.
So generally, I was shung with blank until I tried this.
That can generally be too pushy, but if you build this into a story, you're
good.
And guess what? You can use AI to help you out. Don't make this harder than it
has to be.
And so for example, this is one that we had go vile for Quitter.
So not sure when we became controversial to say this, maybe it always was, but
porn
is absolutely warped how people see love, sex, and relationships.
Keep in mind, this is a sex gender and dating subreddit.
It doesn't matter that it's been around forever.
So I have a lot of things we've rightly left behind.
No one who's built anything meaningful legacy, see, this also looks like it's
written by an
idiot.
I think we did that on purpose because I came and fucking read it.
But it comes down to for me the longer I say, wait for me, the more obvious it
became porn
as mental junk food, zero, all right.
And then we edited it.
And if anyone, if it's of any help to someone, I personally use Quitter.
So they plug Quitter at the end.
This is about being a Christian, it was severe porn.
He edited it.
He said she found this app.
He posted it, it ripped views, and then we edited it.
You know what come in here?
Why a lot of Christian men, Alex is going to come in and say what's up, Mr. Sl
azer and
self.
We're going over our Quitter Reddit high level.
Why a lot of Christian men fail at falling to porn?
And then we edited after it rips views and say that Quitter is what helps them.
And so it became super organic.
A lot of the moderators wouldn't get rid of this and then it would rip fucking
engagement.
And then we'd edit Quitter in there and it would stay.
Last one we're going to go over is X, right?
So previously Twitter.
So X is fun because it can be cheap and really effective if you put a lot of
shots up.
So you really want memes and data threats.
Those are the biggest ones.
So a meme for example would be right here.
So one meme is anti porn, Twitter,
25K.
We said J. Cool is downloaded Quitter.
We paid all of these accounts generally like a couple hundred bucks to post
this.
So here's the biggest one that everyone saw.
Anti porn app, Twitter seeks to buy only from the shut down.
It's got 11 million fucking impressions.
This guy probably brought in like a hundred grand to 200 grand over the course
of a week
off of this alone.
And then we put the link here.
I got almost a million impressions.
Now this one's super viral.
People to this day are always like, yo, you guys going to buy only fans?
It's like, yeah, I have a cool five billion laying around.
And some people think we're real and I'm like, you're an idiot.
But what I would say is, dude, people know this, but we paid this account like
a hundred
bucks because he posts like 20 times a day.
What he's doing is charging 50 to 100 bucks per Twitter thread or Twitter post.
And we know that he already has followers.
And so he is more likely to go viral.
Another one I would say in show is like this.
So we paid this masculine page, right?
To do a thread on us.
And what they did was show that porn is the worst drug for young men.
And here's why.
And people tend to read this stuff.
And it goes through like clips of what it does, how it affects you.
And then eventually it goes like you want to quit porn.
Here's Twitter.
And so you're only paying a couple hundred bucks for this stuff.
And you can also apply the same view guarantee model to it.
You're putting a lot of shots on net for Twitter, X. And what this will do is
build a
story and reach and drive conversions.
And then in a day, like the more people that have seen your app, understand
your app and
know what it is, are likely to convert on the next push.
Right.
So if you have someone that sees it five or six times, I would download on that
seventh,
eighth, ninth time they've seen, they're like, all right, I need to download
this.
Or we realize with Twitter, people tended men, young men specifically, tended
to download
our app at night because they probably just jerked off.
They post on Claire to have to delete this thing and get off this.
What can I do to help?
They know Twitter.
So generally speaking, right, understand that each piece of organic content has
its own
role in the funnel.
However, you got to know that there is a chance that it could be the main rule.
So faceless generally, like we use faceless as awareness, right, and hit volume
.
Does it drive downloads?
Yes.
But you need more shots on net with that.
You have to post a ton more volume than, for example, influencers.
One post could drive a ton of value.
Like our faceless video for Twitter.
I think I showed you guys this.
If I go to Twitter.
So this reel that we posted, we posted a lot of these, right?
We've a lot of these different style things were testing around.
This one that got 2 million views because it was like 1.2 million views for how
much
you goon.
I don't think it's converted a lot.
But guess what people know of Twitter is people are fucking commenting out the
wazoo and liking
this thing.
It's hilarious.
They're like, what's Twitter?
And then they'll see an influencer post or they'll see an organic post and
convert.
And so faceless generally is good for awareness.
And from there, you will drive downloads.
UGC, I think, is fucking amazing, especially if you can crack it for your
industry because
it's real people doing it and people trust real people.
Reddit, I think, is when you're starting off, it's great.
It's gritty.
It's story driven.
You can get your first couple of thousand dollars or ten thousand dollars
months from
it, especially if you find the right sub-read it.
X as well.
It's something that's on the cheaper end, but you really have to understand the
algorithm
in your industry and how to invoke an emotion.
If you can pull an emotion out of Reddit and X, you will win those games.
Like fuck it, actually, if you can pull an emotion out of faceless, you just
see Reddit
and X.
You will win.
Right?
Think about what do you want the viewer to feel, what's going to stop them from
scrolling,
make them read your content, and build a trust with you.